README.md, before:

# ra-project1
Repository for Project 1 - Aloha

This is my submission for our first marked project in web development at Red Academy. Our goal is to replicate an ecommerce site with general guidelines, font files, assets and screenshots that have been provided. The structure and styling of the site is built using HTML/CSS with a focus on using flexbox.

History of site development:

April 14th, 2017

- Built basic HTML structure (mobile first) containing the necessary text elements with basic CSS styling.

April 15th, 2017

- Solified HTML structure and CSS styling with the proper build of the website's sections
- Added two media queries, one for tablet support at 600px and another for desktop support at 1240px

April 16th, 2017

- Converted social icons and other necessary elementsi nto links with appropriate hover styling -Included a meta tag to remove default iOS styling for tel tags -Removed default webkit appearance for submit input buttons

April 17th, 2017

- Reduced css to ensure there were no unused classes floating around, adjusted ordering and names of selectors to optimize semantic meaning.
- Added IE Edge compatibility meta tag
- Fixed indentation between parent/child elements

April 18th, 2017

- Resolved a bug found in nav bar when last push was made which pushed an image out of the field of view, breaking the width of the page as a result.
* Newsletter Singup form submit button placed in input field with a negative left margin. Needs updating to ensure that the page submit button doesn't break out of the line when the screen is reduced past the width of the input field *

April 18th, 2017

- Fixed the build of the newsletter form submit button and input field, however work still needs to be done to make it responsive.
- Added a carousel slider for the products
- Added an unordered list in the nav and incorporated smoothscroll to navigate to certain sections of the webpage when the nav links are clicked
- Added a buy now button for the products
- Added a CSS reset

April 19th, 2017

- Full fix for newsletter form implemented, the sizing is now fully respnsive and no longer breaks based on page widths.

A viewable verion of this project can be found here - https://jwilliams8.github.io/ra-project01/

Commit message:

Added 4 new products to carousel, and added a compare at price for products on sale and added email validator for newsletter form

README.md, after:

# ra-project1
Repository for Project 1 - Aloha

This is my submission for our first marked project in web development at Red Academy. Our goal is to replicate an ecommerce site with general guidelines, font files, assets and screenshots that have been provided. The structure and styling of the site is built using HTML/CSS with a focus on using flexbox.

History of site development:

April 14th, 2017

- Built basic HTML structure (mobile first) containing the necessary text elements with basic CSS styling.

April 15th, 2017

- Solified HTML structure and CSS styling with the proper build of the website's sections
- Added two media queries, one for tablet support at 600px and another for desktop support at 1240px

April 16th, 2017

- Converted social icons and other necessary elementsi nto links with appropriate hover styling -Included a meta tag to remove default iOS styling for tel tags -Removed default webkit appearance for submit input buttons

April 17th, 2017

- Reduced css to ensure there were no unused classes floating around, adjusted ordering and names of selectors to optimize semantic meaning.
- Added IE Edge compatibility meta tag
- Fixed indentation between parent/child elements

April 18th, 2017

- Resolved a bug found in nav bar when last push was made which pushed an image out of the field of view, breaking the width of the page as a result.
* Newsletter Singup form submit button placed in input field with a negative left margin. Needs updating to ensure that the page submit button doesn't break out of the line when the screen is reduced past the width of the input field *

April 18th, 2017

- Fixed the build of the newsletter form submit button and input field, however work still needs to be done to make it responsive.
- Added a carousel slider for the products
- Added an unordered list in the nav and incorporated smoothscroll to navigate to certain sections of the webpage when the nav links are clicked
- Added a buy now button for the products
- Added a CSS reset

April 19th, 2017

- Full fix for newsletter form implemented, the sizing is now fully respnsive and no longer breaks based on page widths.

April 19th, 2017

- Fixed logo size issue that was causing the logo to appear outside of the nav when viewed in firefox
- Added 4 new products to the carousel
- Added a compare at price functionality for products on sale with a linethrough span
- Added an email validator for the newsletter form

A viewable verion of this project can be found here - https://jwilliams8.github.io/ra-project01/
